so things that I've done really well as a leader Navy. So I don't absolutely
very well. I always live on my executive officers. My second
commands the awesome petty officers to out a execute division combat
mission so well, I actually felt well what I've been told that he's
writing fit reps on writing. You need the war's just official, maybe
language. It's tiresome having perhaps, But you did, and you just
can't give. If you've got a division of the department of 150 personnel,
you can't just use one 100 stacks. That doesn't work. People are
not gonna trust you felt down by so writing. The figure up old is
more art than sites, and you are right, and that's how you write. Take
care, ward your men side life. Robert